.TH hny 1 2019-09-21 HeylelOS
.SH NAME
.PP
hny - Command line utility to repair or access honey prefixes.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
hny [-hb] [-p <prefix>] extract [<geist>] <file>
.PP
hny [-h] [-p <prefix>] list [packages|geister]
.PP
hny [-hb] [-p <prefix>] remove [<entry>...]
.PP
hny [-hb] [-p <prefix>] shift <geist> <target>
.PP
hny [-h] [-p <prefix>] status [<geist>...]
.PP
hny [-h] [-p <prefix>] <command> [<entry>...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command line interface is only meant to be used in shell scripts or by advanced users, either for fun or to repair a broken prefix.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
-h : Prints usage and exits.
.PP
-b : Sets the honey blocking behavior to blocking, as it is non-blocking by default.
.PP
-p <prefix> : To specify a prefix manually, overrides the value in HNY_PREFIX.
.PP
extract [<geist>] <file> : Unpacks file in the prefix, with the specified geist, or its basename else.
.PP
list [packages|geister] : Lists respectively directories, or symlinks in the prefix.
.PP
remove [<entry>...] : Removes entry, unlinks it if a symlink, removes files if a package.
.PP
shift <geist> <target> : Associates target to geist.
.PP
status [<geist>...] : Returns which package geist points too.
.PP
setup [<entry>...] : Executes the setup routine for the specified entry.
.PP
clean [<entry>...] : Executes the clean routine for the specified entry.
.PP
reset [<entry>...] : Executes the reset routine for the specified entry.
.PP
check [<entry>...] : Executes the check routine for the specified entry.
.PP
purge [<entry>...] : Executes the purge routine for the specified entry.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
HNY_PREFIX : Indicates the defaut honey prefix, else /hub is used.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Valentin Debon (valentin.debon@heylelos.org)
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
cpio(5), xz(5).
