.\" manpage for the honey package manager
.TH "hny" 1 "Tue May 22 2018" "honey"
.SH NAME
hny \- command line utility to repair or access honey prefixes
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBhny\fR [\-\-help] [\-\-accepted-eulas|\-a] [\-\-prefix=<path>] \fIcommand\fR [arguments...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command line interface is only meant to be used in shell scripts or
by advanced users, either for fun or to repair a broken prefix.
.SH OPTIONS
.RE
.PP
--help
.RS 4
Prints usage and exits.
.RE
.PP
--accepted-eulas, -a
.RS 4
To specify you accepted all eulas, to automatically verify without prompting.
.RE
.PP
--non-blocking
.RS 4
Sets the honey blocking behavior to \fBHNY_NONBLOCK\fR as the default is \fBHNY_BLOCK\fR.
.RE
.PP
--prefix=<path>
.RS 4
To specify a prefix manualy, overrides the value in \fBHNY_PREFIX\fR.
.SH COMMANDS
The commands are as follow, see hny(3) for the library.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny verify\fR [filenames...]
.RS 4
Verifies integrity of archive, and prompts whether or not you want to accept the EULA.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny export\fR \fIarchive packagename\fR
.RS 4
Unpacks \fBarchive\fR in the prefix, with the specified \fBpackagename\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny shift\fR \fItargetgeist geistname\fR
.RS 4
Associates \fBtargetgeist\fR to \fBgeistname\fR
.RE
.PP
\fBhny list\fR [active | packages]
.RS 4
Lists respectively symlinks, or directories in the prefix.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny erase\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Removes \fBgeistnames\fR, unlinks it if a symlink, removes files if a package
.RE
.PP
\fBhny status\fR \fIgeistname\fR
.RS 4
Returns which package \fBgeistname\fR points too.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny setup\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Executes the \fBsetup\fR routine for the specified \fBgeistnames\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny clean\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Executes the \fBclean\fR routine for the specified \fBgeistnames\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny reset\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Executes the \fBreset\fR routine for the specified \fBgeistnames\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny check\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Executes the \fBcheck\fR routine for the specified \fBgeistnames\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBhny purge\fR [geistnames...]
.RS 4
Executes the \fBpurge\fR routine for the specified \fBgeistnames\fR.
.SH SEE ALSO
hny(3), hny_geist(3), hny_check(3)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Valentin Debon (valentin@debon.net)
